But, but I was like, you know what, I'm going to burning, man.
I'm going to try acid. I went with my buddy. It was my college roommate.
Neither of us had done it before a guy had given it to us who I was like,
I've done this asset. I know how to do it. He's like,
I recommend even taking the Summit's acid and listening to classical music and
eating fruit. That was his. And I was like, all right. I was like,
I like classical music and eat fruit. And I was like,
I like classical music and I like fruit. So that was something I was like,
this sounds great. I was like,
so we're out in the desert and we eat it on our last day.
And have you been to burning man? No, I thought it was,
I was kind of blown away. I found it I've I enjoyed it very,
very much weird. I mean, it's like, but it's, I don't know.
It was like people executing, whatever they're doing incredibly well,
and there's a lot of different versions of it and stuff, but it's kind of, um,
there's a lot of pranksters there. Like there's,
it's actually not as like there's a hippy dippy quality to it,
but then there's some real people kind of with people in a fun way that I got a
kick out of, but we took the took acid at like, I dunno four,
and we start, we're driving around the desert, you know, you're,
everyone's on bikes. You're just on a bike driving around.
Did you have to wear a mask? No, the, the dust was fine. It was cool. And like,
we start kind of feeling it and it, I I've had visuals on mushrooms before,
but this all of a sudden, like the meltedness of everything started to set in.
And the, have you done the acid in the desert before? No, never in the desert.
It's a, it's a good, good place. It's a good place for it.
Just cause like visually what's happening is like, um,
is pretty interesting. Like we went,
we were driving around on bikes and we see these immediately then like some
couple is like, can you take a picture of us as we, um,
like try to do a duo yoga pose with the sunset. I'm like,
okay, I'm trying to deal with my camera. You know what I mean? And you're like,
okay. I think, I, I think this is what you want, you know?
And then we drive away from there and there are these like porn stars who were
wanting pictures of that or taking pictures of themselves. And I was like,
we're like, you know, we're in the burning man spirit of like,
well give them the gift of our music. And like, they don't want, they're not,
they don't want, I'm not even hitting nothing. I'm just like,
literally like driving around. We've got our little, like, you know,
our little Bluetooth speaker playing classical music and they,
they don't give a. They don't want any of it.
And then we go and sit and we're just now starting to peak
right. At sunset in the desert. And it's like,
it was, it was like, oh, this feels like a,
some version of what heaven feels like, you know,
like where the sky that the colors in the sky are unbelievable. And,
and the, all of a sudden, all the desert, all the sand, you know,
this it's like this real fine alkaline dust. And it's like,
you feel like you're seeing some real like grid work, you know?
I don't know if you have that feeling where you're like, oh,
I can feel like I'm seeing some underlying dynamics of the
structural stuff.
I've seen them on mushrooms. Yeah.
Where it feels like you're witness to the pattern
of things. Like there's some sort of yeah. The structure of things. Yeah.
Yeah. And that's what it felt like you were like, you're looking at this,
like this crazy, you know, and you've got, yeah. So you're, you're seeing the,
the sand,
this very fine light sand with the really red mountains and then the blue,
really Chris blue sky with, with, uh, the, the white clouds on.
And it felt like you were like, oh, I'm seeing some structural that's going on.
It's it was quite, and we're listening to this guy, Eric cities,
like a classical musician and eating cherries, really like,
this is pretty sweet.
That was, that's cool that you've followed it to a T you went with a fruit and.
Why not? Let's just have it, you know, why not? And I think classical music is,
but it was interesting. Cause I, I didn't. So then,
so then the sun sets and it's like, what? Even at the height of it,
it didn't feel warm. Like mushrooms have felt,
it felt like co clinical clinical.
Exactly. That's exactly.
I don't have to worry about that.
It's very interesting that you said you took it riding bikes too.
Cause that's in a lot of ways in homage to Albert Hoffman,
that's how he found out about it. You know,
he synthesized LSD and, you know,
got it in his skin when he was working with it and then rode his bike home
and on the bike ride home realized, oh my God, whoa,
tripping balls here. Yeah.
Without even knowing what tripping was. I mean, he,
he knew something was going on.
I mean, he may, I believe correct me if I'm wrong,
but I believe the initial reason for creating
LSD, I think they were,
they were trying to come up with a drug to induce labor.
I'm pretty sure that was the original, I think that's what they were working on.
And in the process,
synthesized LSD and LSD as a compound.
And it's one of those unbelievably potent
compounds where someone, I think it was Terrence,
we kind of described it as the power to weight ratio is so
huge that it's like,
if you had one aunt that dismantled the statue of Liberty in 30 minutes,
like that's how, that's how potent LSD is.
Well, I mean, I took it.
Actually to the empire state building.
I took a, I mean I T I took, uh, a responsible amount. Like I was like,
I don't need to like lose it.
In my mind here. I've only microdosed it I've only, well, one,
one time I'd doubled the mic still. It was a small dose,
but it was enough to just say like, okay, here it is.
I had the synthesis of the compound with the intention of obtaining a
circulatory and respiratory stimulant Hoffman wrote the new substance. However,
arose, no special interest in our pharmacologics,
pharmacologists and physicians testing was therefore discontinued. Huh?
Hm. Why did I think
I said 25th attempt aptly named LSD 25. Not.
Knowing he was not after like a psychedelic drug. No.
I don't believe.
Dosed at 4:20 PM. Y'all look at it. Look at it, go down. Look at that. Go down.
[Inaudible].
Yeah. He dosed himself at four 20.
And it was most intense from six to 8:00 PM.
During that time he rode home on his bicycle. Fine.
It's the best. It feels great. So, so we, we,
we sort of are peaking around sunset and it's like,
it feels like I'm with my buddy of 20 years, I've known him since college,
we've gone through our lives together. And there's a thing when you eat,
when you trip where you're like that space-time continuum thing. There's like,
it feels less linear time where you're like,
I'm having thoughts that I had 20 years ago and I'm having them today.
And I'm going to have them in 20 years in like where this,
the linear nature of all of this feels a little less, you know,
and I'm with my buddy has been like a witness to my life, you know?
So we're having this great large conversation about our lives and all that and
the sun setting. It's beautiful. And then it gets dark and it's like,
all right, let's go watch the man burn. Now. Like, you know that at burning man,
everybody gathered 70,000 people gather,
you'd go to this big central area where the man who's been sitting there for
seven days is then there's like a crazy fire starter show
fireworks, go off.
And then you burn this like 30 foot man and it's dark and
it's night. And, and it's like,
it was the other side. It felt like heaven and hell, you know,
like where you're all of a sudden. And that's where I felt like it was weird.
Cause like that's where I felt the clinical thing where I'm like,
I feel sort of high, but I now feel actually quite in a weird way,
quite sober. And I'm,
I felt like I'm witnessing these things and I feel removed from them in a way
that when you're, I feel like when you're on mushrooms in some way,
you're like you feel kind of inside of the, the flow of, of, uh,
of nature. And, but I was also like,
it's the end by the time of the end of burning man.
Like there are people there all week and building it and putting all this stuff
together and artists that's interesting. And then like,
there is definitely a section of burning man,
which is just like super wealthy people showing up for like [inaudible]
and like to be around models who are nearly naked. And it's like,
and that's when,
and you look around and the aesthetic of burning man is like somewhere between
like, um, mad max game of Thrones and Tron.
It's somewhere in that space, which is rad.
But then when you're kind of on acid and you're kind of looking around and I had
this feeling of like, Ugh, the rich are here to collect their spoils.
You know what I mean? Like these.
Do you think that having the great experience of seeing the sky and the,
the desert and all, all the beauty and where you're like, wow, this is amazing.
And then when you have something like a fire and then on top of that,
you have a giant group of people, it seemed,
and then you realize there's not really a lot of law enforcement here.
Like this seems like it could be completely chaotic.
Yeah. It's and it is like, the fire itself is protected.
Cause I think someone ran into the fire last year. Yeah, yeah. killed himself.
Jim ran right into that fire this year was like,
this year was pretty well regulated. Like,
cause we had seen a couple of nights before at sunrise, there was like,
you know, they have all this. It's what I found too.
It was like the kind of the duality of it all.
Like Bernie man feels very much like there's this like sacred and profane all
happening together. And it's oftentimes pretty cool.
And like sunrise, a couple of mornings earlier,
there's this like 20 foot wooden dragon fly statue that someone had
built and they are, they light it on fire, you know, they're just like,
now we're going to burn it. Like some dude had spent a year making this statue.
It's like, now we're going to burn it. And so there,
there were park Rangers all around it. And so there's no getting inside,
they laid it on fire and then the sun rises over to the left and then you looked
up, I looked up and there were like 30 people parachuting out of the sky
at sunrise. And you're just like, what the is going on? But it was man.
It was really cool. I really, I enjoyed that.
But by the time Saturday rolled around, you know,
there is something about fire that's very primal and you can feel like there's
like, there's some pagan quality to it all. And it's cool, but it's like,
you could feel like everybody's like energy kind of getting like a little
darker and more primal. And, and I hit a point where I was like, all right guys,
I gotta, I gotta get out of this, like 75. And I also had a fear of like,
I wasn't scared of the fire. I was scared of like, I was seated watching.
And I was like, I'm scared of a tremor.
Yeah.
That's what I mean by like the giant group of people and then also with a fire
and, and then a gathering when, when you're dealing with a big gathering,
there's always the potential for someone acting out,
whether they just need a lot of attention or they go crazy or
I mean, think about adverse reactions to psychedelics. Yes. And 70,000 people,
the potential for something going haywire is pretty high.
Well,
what I found interesting over the whole week was cause I was pretty skeptical.
I didn't go in, I went in being like,
I want to experience this thing that a lot of people have experienced.
I just want to like, know what that experience is. Um,
but what I've found fascinating is there's,
there's some law enforcement around there, some Rangers around,
but there's really no, it's pretty, anarchical like, there's really very little,
but in is in so much,
there's actually like some unspoken rules that basically everybody's kind of
following, which I found kind of fascinating where you're like,
there's no everybody's on bikes.
There are crazy art cars running around with like shooting fire into the
air. There's no, there seems to be no like regulatory board being like,
let me make sure that the,
your crazy 30 foot three tiered iron car is
up to. Yeah. There seems to be very little of that.
And yet it all seems to function pretty smoothly.
Like there's like some unspoken acceptance of certain rules.
I'm sure there are people freaking out. I know there are people like,
but it's mostly people like being like I took too much drugs and I didn't
hydrate. And like, they go to the medic and there,
but like weirdly I found it all operating pretty smoothly.
Uh, but that's when the, the, uh,
the acid then sort of turned a bit where I was like, this is,
there's some darkness here that I want to get away from.
It seems like whenever you have a situation where you've got a bunch of people
that want to do something outside the norm,
they want to get together and they want to experience something. That's just,
they're bored of society and this is their big break. And it seems like there's,
there's so much expectations and there's kind of a code that these people want
to follow. And that code is that, you know,
it's almost like a utopian vision of a better society,
even if it's for only a week or so. Yeah.
And I think it works for a week. Like, I don't know if society,
I don't know how a society would function in like largely lawless.
I mean the biggest rules are like, don't put your trash anywhere.
Like there's no garbage cans anywhere don't pee outside,
like pee in a porta-potty pee in a jug, take it back, dump it out.
Cause there's like, no mark, no leave. No, no mark. And it works,
but I guess it, it works for a week where you're like,
everybody's agreed for that week. And then you go back to your life. But like,
I don't know, it was, I got a kick out of it. Like there's and there's,
you know, there's like we there's one night, you know,
there are all these crazy light shows at night. It,
it becomes like this crazy Tron,
like light show everywhere you look at the horizon for as far as you can
see is just like people on bikes that are all lit up crazy art cars,
crazy pieces of art that are lit up. Um,
and it's really wild, but like you go, you know, you ride around bikes in there.
All of a sudden we like roll up to this area where there's a,
like a mechanical arm holding these lights that are, um,
led lights that are in the S you know, in a circle and you lie below it.
And it's like a light, you know, but it's this like vortex light show.
So everybody's kind of looking up at it and it's really trippy and fun.
And your parents, I was like, whoa, it's a trippy. And I, we, I laid down,
I was like, this is rad. And then this dude rolls up. My friend sees us,
you know, those costumes of like, um, uh, those like Tyrannosaurus Rex,
like that they're inflated. And it kind of her like, you know,
you see like dudes like walk around. They're like individual size things,
but they're like, it's super weird.
So I look at this guy and I start cracking up and my buddy just took that
Tyrannosaurus Rex and walked him through the middle of everybody,
having their quiet trippy moment. You know?
So like this trend is her expression just kind of rolls through it.
And he's just like, Hey, you know, and he's just like, he was here before you,
you know? And so it's kind of fun. It's just like,
everybody's like having their trippy moment and then it gets up.
And then a minute later, they're back to the trippy moment. You know,
I got a real, I got a kick out of it. It was weird.